README.md, before:


Forked by 980F to:
# split UI vertically on wide screen to more readily process compilation errors, and watch build process while still perusing code. Added preference editor.split.widescreen=true
# added Sketch menu item to reload tabs for when files are added to folder outside of the IDE, presently must restart the IDE.
# added unbuffered output to Serial Monitor for talking to character oriented protocols vs. line oriented. Preference: serial.unbuffered=true
# tab reorder for navigating between files, using MRU. Preference: editor.tabs.order.mru=true
# tree list for picking device type. preference base.boardmenu.nest=true. Especially useful when you have one each of every processor type.
# created find dialog in a split of the build (EditorConsole) window. Finds all then you can navigate randomly via the mouse. Split controlled by preference editor.dock

Original readme content follows
<hr>

Arduino
<p align="center">
	<img src="http://content.arduino.cc/brand/arduino-color.svg" width="50%" />
</p>

Arduino is an open-source physical computing platform based on a simple I/O
board and a development environment that implements the Processing/Wiring
language. Arduino can be used to develop stand-alone interactive objects or
can be connected to software on your computer (e.g. Flash, Processing and MaxMSP).
The boards can be assembled by hand or purchased preassembled; the open-source
IDE can be downloaded for free at [https://arduino.cc](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software)

## More info at

-  [Our website](https://www.arduino.cc/)

-  [The forums](https://forum.arduino.cc/)

-  Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/arduino)
-  And like us at [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/official.arduino)

## Bug reports and technical discussions

-  To report a *bug* in the software or to request *a simple enhancement* go to [Github Issues](https://github.com/arduino/Arduino/issues)

-  More complex requests and technical discussion should go on the [Arduino Developers mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/arduino.cc/forum/#!forum/developers)

-  If you're interested in modifying or extending the Arduino software, we strongly suggest discussing your ideas on the
[Developers mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/arduino.cc/forum/#!forum/developers)
 *before* starting to work on them.
That way you can coordinate with the Arduino Team and others, giving your work a higher chance of being integrated into the official release

## Installation

Detailed instructions for installation in popular operating systems can be found at:

-  [Linux](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Linux) (see also the [Arduino playground](https://playground.arduino.cc/Learning/Linux))
-  [macOS](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/MacOSX)
-  [Windows](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Windows)

## Credits

Arduino is an open source project, supported by many.

The Arduino team is composed of Massimo Banzi, David Cuartielles, Tom Igoe
and David A. Mellis.

Arduino uses
[GNU avr-gcc toolchain](https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/avr-gcc),
[GCC ARM Embedded toolchain](https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded),
[avr-libc](http://www.nongnu.org/avr-libc/),
[avrdude](http://www.nongnu.org/avrdude/),
[bossac](http://www.shumatech.com/web/products/bossa),
[openOCD](http://openocd.org/)
and code from [Processing](https://www.processing.org)
and [Wiring](http://wiring.org.co).

Icon and about image designed by [ToDo](https://www.todo.to.it/)

Commit message:

"edit include" added to change list.

README.md, after:


Forked by 980F to:
# split UI vertically on wide screen to more readily process compilation errors, and watch build process while still perusing code. Added preference editor.split.widescreen=true
# added Sketch menu item to reload tabs for when files are added to folder outside of the IDE, presently must restart the IDE.
# added unbuffered output to Serial Monitor for talking to character oriented protocols vs. line oriented. Preference: serial.unbuffered=true
# tab reorder for navigating between files, using MRU. Preference: editor.tabs.order.mru=true
# tree list for picking device type. preference base.boardmenu.nest=true. Especially useful when you have one each of every processor type.
# created find dialog in a split of the build (EditorConsole) window. Finds all then you can navigate randomly via the mouse. Split controlled by preference editor.dock
# rightclick menu item to switch to tab related to #include directive on caret line. Todo: use line of right click rather than text entry cursor.

Original readme content follows
<hr>

Arduino
<p align="center">
	<img src="http://content.arduino.cc/brand/arduino-color.svg" width="50%" />
</p>

Arduino is an open-source physical computing platform based on a simple I/O
board and a development environment that implements the Processing/Wiring
language. Arduino can be used to develop stand-alone interactive objects or
can be connected to software on your computer (e.g. Flash, Processing and MaxMSP).
The boards can be assembled by hand or purchased preassembled; the open-source
IDE can be downloaded for free at [https://arduino.cc](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Main/Software)

## More info at

-  [Our website](https://www.arduino.cc/)

-  [The forums](https://forum.arduino.cc/)

-  Follow us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/arduino)
-  And like us at [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/official.arduino)

## Bug reports and technical discussions

-  To report a *bug* in the software or to request *a simple enhancement* go to [Github Issues](https://github.com/arduino/Arduino/issues)

-  More complex requests and technical discussion should go on the [Arduino Developers mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/arduino.cc/forum/#!forum/developers)

-  If you're interested in modifying or extending the Arduino software, we strongly suggest discussing your ideas on the
[Developers mailing list](https://groups.google.com/a/arduino.cc/forum/#!forum/developers)
 *before* starting to work on them.
That way you can coordinate with the Arduino Team and others, giving your work a higher chance of being integrated into the official release

## Installation

Detailed instructions for installation in popular operating systems can be found at:

-  [Linux](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Linux) (see also the [Arduino playground](https://playground.arduino.cc/Learning/Linux))
-  [macOS](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/MacOSX)
-  [Windows](https://www.arduino.cc/en/Guide/Windows)

## Credits

Arduino is an open source project, supported by many.

The Arduino team is composed of Massimo Banzi, David Cuartielles, Tom Igoe
and David A. Mellis.

Arduino uses
[GNU avr-gcc toolchain](https://gcc.gnu.org/wiki/avr-gcc),
[GCC ARM Embedded toolchain](https://launchpad.net/gcc-arm-embedded),
[avr-libc](http://www.nongnu.org/avr-libc/),
[avrdude](http://www.nongnu.org/avrdude/),
[bossac](http://www.shumatech.com/web/products/bossa),
[openOCD](http://openocd.org/)
and code from [Processing](https://www.processing.org)
and [Wiring](http://wiring.org.co).

Icon and about image designed by [ToDo](https://www.todo.to.it/)
